Add quickstarts + related tests, create CONTRIBUTING.md (#238)
HumanCompatibleAI/imitation: README.md

# Imitation Learning Baseline Implementations

This project aims to provide clean implementations of imitation learning algorithms.
Currently we have implementations of Behavioral Cloning, [DAgger](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.0686.pdf) (with synthetic examples), [Adversarial Inverse Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.11248), and [Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.03476).

### To install:
```

> git clone http://github.com/HumanCompatibleAI/imitation

Reviewer: We also are on PyPi, right? I'd be inclined to make that the first suggestion for how to install, then say "if you want to get the latest release, you can also install from Git via ..."

Author: That sounds good. I'm inclined to make a new PyPi release immediately after this PR, so that the documentation will actually match, in that case.

Author: - [ ] @shwang PyPI release

Author: done.

cd imitation
pip install -e .
```

### Optional Mujoco Dependency:

Follow instructions to install [mujoco\_py v1.5 here](https://github.com/openai/mujoco-py/tree/498b451a03fb61e5bdfcb6956d8d7c881b1098b5#install-mujoco).

> ## Sacred CLI Quickstart:

Reviewer: Most people won't know what Sacred is. How about just "CLI Quickstart" as heading, then we can have an intro sentence saying:

```
We provide several CLI scripts as a front-end to the algorithms implemented in `imitation`. These use [Sacred](https://github.com/idsia/sacred) for configuration and replicability.
```

```bash
# Train PPO agent on cartpole and collect expert demonstrations. Tensorboard logs saved in `quickstart/rl/`
python -m imitation.scripts.expert_demos with fast cartpole log_dir=quickstart/rl/

# Train GAIL from demonstrations. Tensorboard logs saved in output/ (default log directory).
python -m imitation.scripts.train_adversarial with fast gail cartpole rollout_path=quickstart/rl/rollouts/final.pkl

# Train AIRL from demonstrations. Tensorboard logs saved in output/ (default log directory).
python -m imitation.scripts.train_adversarial with fast airl cartpole rollout_path=quickstart/rl/rollouts/final.pkl
```
Tips:
  * Remove the "fast" option from the above runs to run training to completion.
  * `python -m imitation.scripts.expert_demos print_config` will list Sacred script options, which are documented

>   in each script's docstrings.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like Sacred is scraping the docstrings when it's not. Perhaps separate the two sentences. "These configuration options are documented in each script's docstrings".

> For more information configuring on Sacred CLI options, see [Sacred docs](https://sacred.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to configure Sacred CLI options, see [Sacred docs](https://sacred.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).
```
